well I am Master Chief lulululululu law
today I are gone review a piece of said
game by a piece of shit company for a
piece of shit system the game are gone
to review is mega man more alike mega
theg because it he looks like if they
got look at this tag he looks like he
was a rejected YMCA member or something
he's also holding a done just like me
which he is trying to rip off wyeth egg
and look at what he's holding he's
holding a pistol and pistols are for
noobs real menu spartan lasers and worms
on your mark 5 armor not a faggy
swimsuit woven by their mamas and this
is only about the box art wait till you
see the game warning it will make people
laugh and that will make people cry but
it is certain this game will make
someone a hero let's play this bitch now
blog to fuck people each day cause my
bathroom run asshole began to play
oh man because he kind of looks like me
come on already 15 who is this a god I
thought I was supposed to the choir man
sadface what
um I simply came up with
police it he can live irish surprised
face
Oh
capcom our new Porsche can broker mean
well have you recharge
holy shit
haha
I fun
Jesus Christ
Oh
holy shit haha
what fuck how did I die no mom I
pregaming again
jesus fucking christ
Oh
oh my god more alike
hahahaha
oh boy
on
trip
you
how am I supposed to pass this
lotta fun fucking manager
you
I am
why why did I die well at least there's
a Lightyear and bri face barca fuck game
over sit and there you have it why
Megaman sucks major balls if I lag this
game I'd throw it in the garbage along
with queers of war and cock of duty and
the rest of John's take games anyway
this is master chief signing out how do
I turn this off okay I got it